(Watch on KonFlix.vip)
TORINNER, the popular K-pop group
that created a sensation
right after their debut in Korea
has arrived in Japan
to make their debut
and capture the hearts
of Japanese ladies.
- Congratulations!
Yes! I got the last autographed one!
- Gosh!
- First of all
Ryo is so handsome
that I'm overwhelmed.
His existence is a miracle,
and he's precious!
TORINNER, congratulations
on your debut in Japan!
Ms. Park Ji-soo is our goddess!
- Rich agencies sure are flashy.
- You gave us a reason to live!
Why are you talking like
it's none of your concern, idiot?
MUST GET FIRST PLACE
IN DEBUT SONG RANKING
According to my research
the groups that can't get first place
in the debut ranking
only have a survival rate of 18%!
Which means I can't pay off my debt
unless we get first place!
My debt is five billion won.
That's about 500 million yen.
There's no way I can pay that off!
In any case, do everything it takes
to defeat TORINNER
and get us first place,
or my life will be over!
Japanese fans have more love
and respect for artists
- than anyone else in the world.
- Ouch.
That's why I believe that
Japan should be the first choice
in their worldwide debut.
- She doesn't think that.
- Please root for them.
That darn woman!
I'm going out for coffee.
She makes a lot of noise.
They're getting on my nerves!
Are they debt collectors?
Let's sort it out first.
To survive, I need to pay off
the 500 million yen debt.
That means NAZE's debut song
must rank first.
In other words
they must defeat TORINNER.
For that to happen,
I need a promotional budget
bigger than TORINNER's.
But I have no money!
That means I'm doomed!
What should I do?
How tasteless.
We successfully made a big splash
in Japan, thanks to you. Thank--
I heard that Azuma's group
achieved great success at that event.
No, the streaming numbers
for our group are overwhelmingly--
People are talking about it
in Korea, too.
They want to know about the group
that suddenly appeared in Japan.
I am sorry.
But a minor agency like that could
never manage a large-scale promotion.
No need to worry--
You lied to me.
Do you remember what you promised?
You said you would
crush Azuma's group
before their debut.
Yes. Certainly, sir.
It's a huge gathering
of handsome idols!
Welcome to the Mid-winter Sports Day!
HOT IDOLS ASSEMBLE!
MID-WINTER SPORTS DAY
We have TORINNER,
the up-and-coming rookies
and 4orce, the talk of the town...
as well as other groups
on the verge of their next big break
who will be engaging
in heated battles!
Cut! Okay!
Everyone,
please run through the rehearsal.
- Yes!
Go!
- All right.
- I'm scared!
Guys! This is our chance
to make NAZE's name known!
Make sure
you promote yourselves well!
Why are we having a sports day
when it's freezing?
- The short sleeves are killing me.
- Don't complain!
You need to be seen
as much as possible before you debut.
Get your game faces on.
I will crush you this time.
Good morning, Ms. Tomiko!
- Good morning!
- Morning.
It's cold,
so don't push yourselves too hard.
I am going
to make you all into stars.
- Thank you!
- Continue.
- Let's begin with
the inter-group dodgeball tournament!
Okay, let the game begin!
NAZE has been hit again!
- That lady looks intimidating.
- Go!
That's Kira Tomiko,
the chairwoman of Kira Production.
She's the Empress
of Japanese Showbiz.
Good!
Gosh. So, she's powerful?
She has produced many famous
and popular actors and celebrities
in the past 20 years.
Twenty years?
Hang on.
Do you mean that Japanese Empress
is promoting that new group?
This is bad! They're strong rivals!
Don't get started on that.
Everyone here is our rival.
So, they are all rivals getting
in my way of paying off my debt?
Guys! Promote yourselves harder!
- Ms. Nam!
- Okay!
Mr. Azuma, please stop her!
Ms. Nam.
You're doing well today.
My, Ms. Park!
Thank you for the live performance
the other day.
To show my appreciation...
There you go.
TRAITOR
Poverty...
makes one poor in the heart, too.
- It's unpleasant.
- What did you say?
Forgive me.
I transferred TORINNER
to Bouquet Music
to provide the members
with support worthy of their talents.
A poor agency would make
their future uncertain.
Are you picking a fight?
You betrayed me!
Shouldn't you apologize
for your betrayal first?
People should support each other...
- like this!
- Ms. Nam! They're recording!
We're recording. Please be quiet!
I am so sorry!
Isn't she the CEO of NAZE
that the gossip magazine wrote about?
"CEO of NAZE's agency
Causes a Scene at the Airport!"
Film her. It's funny.
Very well, then.
In that case, let's settle this
fairly through work.
Bring it on!
Money is the only thing
you can rely on.
I won't be defeated
by someone like you!
Well, then...
Let's compete on the number
of social media followers
that TORINNER and NAZE have.
We'll compare the results
in two weeks.
The loser will grant a wish
to the winner.
Anything.
Excellent! Challenge accepted!
Hey... What are you talking about?
No, Ms. Nam! Please take it back.
Well then, let's both fight fair.
Take that back.
- It's not too late yet.
- Nice!
Isn't this turning out to be
a very realistic reality show?
Right?
She's hopelessly stupid.
This is the best content
I could ever wish for.
Please let us announce the results
on our show.
My pleasure.
By the way,
what will you do if you win?
Well, for now...
I'll do my best to win this contest.
- I'll be rooting for you.
- Thank you.
- What?
- Look at this.
- What's this?
- NAZE's sticker old hag
picked a fight
with Ms. Park this time.
NAZE's live performance
was good, but...
We have to root for TORINNER, right?
Ladies, contact everyone you know!
- Yes!
- Okay!
Are you stupid?
TORINNER already made
their debut in Korea
and they have
over a million followers!
On the other hand,
we have less than 100,000.
How do we even compete?
But it got on my nerves
when she said that.
Even so, how could you promise
to do anything she says?
You fell right into her trap!
She might tell us
to retire right away.
I am really sorry!
I'm done with this!
Hey, don't just stand there.
Go to practice.
- Yes, sir.
Hello, this is Nam Entertainment.
I'm Kira Tomiko from Kira Production.
Kira Pro... What?
That huge talent agency?
Are you Ms. Nam?
The row between you and Ms. Park
the other day
must've been rough for you.
Why don't you and I be friends?
- One, two, three, four...
What will happen to us
if we really lose?
There's nothing we can do
if our boss is such a fool.
Besides, it's already
all over the internet.
There's no way we can win!
To make things worse, we're going up
against that conniving Ms. Park.
She'll definitely tell us
to retire at once.
If that happens,
the boys will be left stranded.
Is there a secret way
to make
their follower count skyrocket?
Or is the "genius" in your title
just for show?
You know, you're starting
to sound like Nam lately.
I wouldn't be racking my brains here
if I had a secret plan.
There's nothing I can do this time.
- One, two, three, four, five, six
- seven, eight. One, two, three...
- I need to do something for them.
I didn't expect you
to visit in person.
I'm sorry for dropping in.
Excuse me...
Our CEO can be
a little scatterbrained.
I think she impulsively made
that promise
but she's a good person at heart.
She doesn't resent you anymore.
Or rather, I won't let her.
So, could you pretend that
the whole thing never happened?
Around 40 K-pop groups
debut each year.
Among them,
only 10% can make a living.
You can't survive if you aren't
determined to win at all costs.
I chose the biggest agency,
Bouquet Music, so I can survive.
Funding, connections, facilities...
They can provide the best support
to develop the member's talents
in every aspect.
My job is to protect the lives
of those boys.
That's why
if anyone gets in my way
I'll crush them
by any means necessary.
"I'll crush them
by any means necessary."
That's what she said.
Bring it on!
I'm going to crush you, too!
How?
Actually, I got a call today
from Kira Pro's president, Tomiko.
The Empress of the Japanese Showbiz!
The Empress invited me
to fight against TORINNER with her!
A huge agency suddenly wants
to team up with small fry like us?
That's fishy.
There must be a catch. Drop it.
It's okay. We have to bet
on this chance now!
Their methods are so vulgar.
They are just throwing money around
for big promotions.
No matter how I look at it,
it's tasteless.
But you're different, Ms. Nam.
You had the courage
to come to Japan alone
and the integrity to compete fairly.
It's truly admirable!
It makes me respect you.
To tell you the truth
I was the one who discovered the boys
who debuted as TORINNER!
I let Park Ji-soo produce them,
but she stole them away!
My, is that so?
How nasty!
I loved them like my own children
and worked hard with them!
The boys were deceived by Ms. Park.
Oh, poor things!
Go ahead, get it all off your chest.
I'll be your listening ear.
Thank you so much!
I feel so much better.
I'm sorry,
I keep talking about myself.
You don't have
to worry about it at all.
So, there's a Korean saying that goes
"The crayfish is a friend
of the crab," right?
That's me!
When I see someone similar
to me in trouble
I feel a strong urge to help them.
So please let me support you.
Okay!
I don't want to lose.
I want to give that scammer
a taste of her own medicine!
Besides, the reason we're in Japan
is because Park Ji-soo played dirty
and gave us a hard time!
There are so many more things
I want to tell you!
What's this?
No way!
Good morning, everyone!
Hey, you two! Stop acting lovey-dovey
at the office early in the morning.
Since late last night
gossip articles about TORINNER
have been popping up.
It even mentioned
that they were poached
right before their debut.
We were the only ones
who knew about this.
That was what I said yesterday.
So you do know something?
What? No, I know nothing.
Was this what she meant by
"the crayfish is the crab's friend?"
Crayfish?
It's nothing!
Oh, right! We've run out
of toilet paper. I'll go buy some.
PRESIDENT TOMIKO
Your call cannot
be answered right now.
Please leave a message...
Well, who cares?
It's not like I lied.
- TORINNER is here!
- Ms. Park!
Some articles say you poached
TORINNER's members
from another agency. Is it true?
We just transferred
to another agency.
There was no improper deal.
Excuse me.
There was an improper deal, right?
Can you answer our questions?
FOLLOWERS, 829,351,
215,231 LESS THAN YESTERDAY
The tables have turned!
Serves you right, you vixen.
You did something, didn't you?
I... I didn't do anything.
Just focus on getting first place
in the debut ranking
and paying off the debt.
That's all you have to think about.
- Have you seen this?
- TORINNER's bribery?
The members were bought off, too.
- The agency covered it up.
- They also have trouble with women.
This is horrible.
- How disappointing!
- I trusted them.
There's no way TORINNER
would do something so awful.
Delete all the fake news!
But Keiko, look at this.
SO ANNOYING!
Are you okay?
HE SLAPPED A FAN! HORRIBLE!
POOR GIRL!
This has to be fake.
But they have a video recording.
He did hit her, didn't he?
TORINNER MEMBER ASSAULTED
THE OTHER TRAINEES!
YEON-WOO ABUSES HIS POWER DAILY
Isn't this...
going a bit too far?
PRESIDENT TOMIKO
It says Yeon-woo used violence.
He hit a little girl.
- It's all a lie.
- Of course it is.
Ms. Nam.
Did the TORINNER members
really do something this horrible?
Is this really the time
to worry about them?
Now is your chance.
Ms. Park said she would crush us
by any means necessary.
Get more followers
while they're occupied.
Producer! Get it together.
Don't you have any good ideas?
I understand, CEO.
I won't let the chance slip by.
Sorry, I couldn't get in touch--
When will the commotion
in Japan blow over?
It's all groundless fake news.
It'll blow over in no time.
Please don't worry.
Incompetent people deserve to die.
Who set this up? Nam?
I don't think Ms. Nam
is capable of doing that.
I reckon a professional did it.
Someone like us, probably.
Do something to stop them!
I'll pay you.
It can't be stopped
at this point, Ms. Park.
Our magazine will be publishing
an article about them, too.
Are you betraying me
after I paid you so much?
You're so naive, Ms. Genius Producer!
We have to make a living, too.
I'll write anything that sells.
It's only natural.
- TORINNER uses violence.
- Really?
- Aren't they awful?
- Is TORINNER really capable of that?
- There are videos.
- Assaulting a staff member?
The tables have turned unexpectedly
in the follower count contest.
Their true colors have been exposed!
Is this the start of their downfall?
Do you think Ryo will be okay?
He hasn't replied
to my calls or messages for days.
Your call cannot
be answered right now.
Mr. Azuma, what should we do?
It's no use worrying about them.
Go to sleep.
Is this it?
The Premature End
of the Popular Group TORINNER
Hello, Ms. Tomiko?
Thanks to your cooperation
my plan went smoother than expected.
I think you and I can continue
to become a good team.
Ms. Tomiko, you really were the one
behind the TORINNER articles.
It's all thanks to your cooperation.
So, what would you like
to talk about?
If we put the final nail
in the coffin here
TORINNER will be finished,
once and for all.
To do that, it will be better
to have a credible story, right?
Do you have any good information?
I've told you everything.
Anyway, I wasn't informed that
the things I told you last time
would be spread wide and far.
I think it's good enough.
What?
Did you just talk back to me?
No! I didn't mean to talk back.
But I don't have
any more information.
If you have nothing
then make something up.
Well...
You were the one who said
you didn't want to lose,
and you couldn't pay off your debt.
That's why I'm going out
of my way to help you.
Shouldn't you at least
be a bit useful to me?
Help me? I didn't ask--
Hey! Don't mess with me!
TORINNER Members Sighted Arguing
on the Streets
Music Show Staff Reveals
TORINNER's Attitude Problem
Video of TORINNER Member
Being Violent Goes Viral
It's too late to back out.
You are my accomplice.
If you betray me
I'll destroy your group next.
The younger brother of TORINNER's Ryo
is in your group, right?
A family member must have
many stories to tell.
I want some dirt on Ryo by tomorrow.
No way. I can't just--
Since you're the CEO
you should work hard
to pay off your debt.
Right?
They're taking it off.
It's over for TORINNER.
Ms. Tomiko.
- Is your practice session over?
- Yes.
Our seniors came to visit
during practice.
Really? Good for you.
Your group is inheriting the history
and tradition of our agency.
That's why you
genuinely shine.
Tasteless fake idols are sneaking
into our industry nowadays.
We need to make them
step down from the stage.
Kira Tomiko told me
to give her more gossip
or she will crush NAZE next.
We can't have that.
What will you give her next?
She told me...
to make Yuya reveal Ryo's secrets.
She wants our member to dig up
his own brother's scandal?
I see.
So, will you really make him do it?
Darn it!
I don't know what I should do!
TORINNER must retire!
- Retire!
Come out at once! Apologize!
What's going on?
This is so horrible!
It's Ryo!
Let's go.
Apologize! Come out!
Hello.
We finally meet.
I'm sorry I haven't been able
to get in touch, Yuya.
If I turn on my phone
I get bombarded by prank calls.
No, it's totally fine
as long as you're okay.
It had to be you guys!
You made them write all those lies!
Do you want to win so badly
that you would go this far?
Don't be ridiculous.
We didn't do anything.
It's true, Yeon-woo.
We're holed up in the apartment
and we aren't allowed to practice.
We won't be able to debut, will we?
Thank you for coming.
But people might talk
if you two are seen here.
You had better go now.
But we...
The way things are going,
we feel bad for TORINNER.
We want to at least debunk
the fake information.
But if we leave things be,
we can win the follower contest.
What if they make a comeback?
Winning with all these lies
is meaningless for us!
Does that mean you won't regret it
if you lose the follower contest
after clearing TORINNER's name?
We want to compete fairly.
So we want to help TORINNER!
Geez.
You're too nice for your own good.
You guys could've won the contest!
Well, Minase and I will go and ask
if our CEO concurs.
You guys will wait here.
This is such a headache, Ms. Nam!
Our members wish to help TORINNER.
They want to compete fair and square.
They're so naive. It's hopeless.
You were already determined to win
by any means necessary.
Mr. Azuma.
I didn't mean to do this.
Everything happened
because of my silly mistake.
I am really sorry.
Please don't apologize.
We know
you're doing your best for NAZE.
We understand.
But I feel the same as everyone.
Ms. Nam, we want you
to be the CEO of NAZE
the group that will win first place
fair and square.
Honestly, I want that to happen, too.
But now, I don't know
what I'm supposed to do.
Nam.
You're the captain of our ship.
The direction you steer will decide
the fates of everyone on board.
It's a huge responsibility.
But...
We've decided to follow you.
If the captain makes a mistake
we just need to give you
our full support.
That's what friends are for.
So?
What will you do?
Please help me.
How did that go?
Just as you thought.
All right!
What are you talking about?
Let me explain.
A girl was hit in the video that
accused Yeon-woo of using violence
so we decided to look for her.
If she's a TORINNER fan
she must have attended
other events, too.
So we searched
through various videos.
And we were right.
She was sighted
in several locations.
I messaged the girl's mom
and she agreed to meet me.
Hello.
We finally meet.
At that time, my daughter got
too close to Yeon-woo
and his hand touched her lightly.
But someone edited the video
in a malicious way.
Yeon-woo was very nice to my daughter
but it turned into this whole mess.
Will you join me and punish
the bad people to protect TORINNER?
Her mother gave me
the contact details of her friends
whose daughters
are also TORINNER's fans
- and I asked them to work with us.
- Thank you.
So we'll be busy starting tomorrow.
Ms. Nam, please help us.
Busy? What will we be doing?
Why are there so many people here?
They're writing messages.
Mr. Azuma came up with this idea.
Instead of the anonymity
of social media
they'll write their true feelings
for TORINNER by hand.
What do you think?
It's awesome.
Okay! I'll help, too.
Good morning!
Thank you!
Are you okay?
That's some nasty editing.
Is that woman planning to betray me?
For now, release that material.
I'll get rid of TORINNER first.
Seriously?
Children cry easily
and are difficult to deal with.
That's why I hate them.
They can't do anything alone.
No to child abuse!
No to abuse!
DO NOT BULLY THE WEAK
DEMONSTRATION
AGAINST TORINNER ESCALATES
Goodness, that old woman
just won't give up.
If it has escalated to this level
those message boards
aren't going to be enough!
Come in.
What?
Why are you at our office?
Welcome.
We'll hear you out first.
This has been maliciously edited
just like the article about the girl.
He sent these messages
to cheer up a junior
but they twisted it to make it
look like he hates children.
Sounds like something they would do.
Didn't she ask you
to use Yuya to find out about
his brother's secrets the other day?
She must be thinking
about fabricating a story
of Ryo's younger brother
exposing his secrets.
I bet she's planning to get rid of
both TORINNER and NAZE.
How did she come up
with such a nasty idea?
So, to fight back against that woman
and to help TORINNER
we'll need a temporary truce
with Ms. Park, okay?
No way.
There's no way
I can trust that traitor!
As I've told you many times
I believed in their talent.
That's why I prepared the best stage
that a poor agency can't provide.
- You!
- But...
To be honest
I didn't expect you
to be so persistent.
I thought you would give up
and go bankrupt right away.
Serves you right.
I think I finally know
why Mr. Choi Ki-young
is so wary of NAZE.
Mr. Azuma's unrestrained
creative power
and CEO Nam's tenacity...
I assumed you
were an insignificant and weak group.
But I need to change my perspective.
Why are you saying that
all of a sudden?
That modest attitude
isn't going to make me trust you!
Ms. Park is going
to do her part properly.
- That's why I asked her here.
- What do you mean?
Before that, we need to call a truce.
Fine!
It's to defeat that
unreasonable old hag. I have to.
No need to force yourself
to work with me.
I can handle it myself.
Look who's talking!
You're two peas in a pod.
Is this what they mean by
"a crayfish is the friend of a crab"?
Why am I the crayfish?
Come on.
Here.
Okay, let the battle begin!
First, Ms. Park.
Announce that TORINNER will hold
a press conference
in front of the agency tomorrow.
It's more fun
to have more spectators.
Come out at once, TORINNER!
Will they really hold
a press conference?
- Apologize!
- Take responsibility and explain!
A press conference?
It's only going to add fuel
to the fire.
- Poor TORINNER.
- Retire, violent group!
RYO
THERE WAS NO VIOLENCE,
WE SUPPORT YOU
WE'LL CONTINUE TO STAND BY TORINNER
TORINNER, WE'RE ROOTING FOR YOU
TORINNER IS INNOCENT!
DON'T BULLY TORINNER!
We love TORINNER!
Reporters and the people
posting on social media
please don't badmouth TORINNER
without checking the facts properly!
Please don't bully TORINNER!
But didn't a TORINNER member hit you?
Many people have seen that video.
Even if you love them
violence against children
is not okay.
Are you okay?
I walked too close to him
so Yeon-woo's hand touched me.
But...
Yeon-woo was very nice
and he apologized.
He even gave me an autograph
on my handkerchief.
There you go.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I came to love TORINNER even more.
We want everyone to know
the real TORINNER, too!
Please get to know them!
- Please get to know them!
I knew it.
It wasn't TORINNER's fault.
I'm glad that I had faith in them.
Hey, TORINNER is here!
DON'T BULLY TORINNER!
We are truly sorry about
the commotion we caused.
We regret that our actions led
to misunderstandings.
NO TO VIOLENCE AGAINST CHILDREN
But there's something we need
to reflect on even more deeply.
Our young fans
mustered all their courage
and came forward to protect us
even though we should've trusted
and fought for our team member first.
The children taught us
a very important lesson.
DON'T BULLY TORINNER!
Also...
The same goes for NAZE.
We're rivals that must defeat
each other to survive
But NAZE came here
to protect us, and...
But we...
are friends.
They said we are their friends.
So many people believe in us.
That's what makes us proud.
We can hold our heads high
and do our best again.
Please root for us.
- Please root for us!
- TORINNER, do your best!
- Do your best!
DON'T BULLY TORINNER!
Do your best!
My, fancy seeing you here!
Now that you've defied me
do you think you can survive
in showbiz in Japan?
Oh, no! I wouldn't dream
of doing that.
But I was curious about the person
who edited that video of Yeon-woo
so I looked into the account.
Turns out that the same person
also streams your idols' videos.
That means...
Wait! The person
who made that malicious video was...
No way, could that be someone
from Kira Production?
Come on. That can't be, right?
Don't mess with us!
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You'll have to excuse me.
Stop scheming
with your petty little tricks!
You idiot!
Thank you, everyone!
- I knew TORINNER was good.
- Who spread the fake news?
- It was a misunderstanding.
- Sorry that I doubted you.
- TORINNER is the best!
- I'm rooting for you!
- I love their friendship with NAZE!
I'm looking forward
to the follower contest!
Man...
I wish I had crushed those guys.
In the follower count contest
between K-pop's
promising rookies, TORINNER
and the new group, NAZE
it's finally time
to announce the results!
There is only one simple rule,
and that is
the loser must do anything
the winner says.
Now, let's have a look at
the follower counts for both groups!
Here are the results!
Go!
Keep going!
RESULTS
By a slight margin,
the winner is TORINNER!
It's over.
What will TORINNER, the winner,
make NAZE, the loser, do?
This is a turning point
in their lives.
Here you go.
There's no point panicking now.
Bring it on!
Now, I'll announce
my request for NAZE.
TORINNER WINS
I would like NAZE...
to continue
to be TORINNER's rival in good faith.
Is that all?
Thank goodness!
Amazing, TORINNER!
What wonderful sportsmanship!
I'm touched!
Did you two just exchange glances?
What was that about?
It means she has returned the favor.
The real competition begins now.
We'll aim for MAMA's
Best New Artist Award.
- We can get it!
- Yes!
Okay, guys!
Let's go!
- Yes!
This time, we'll make it to MAMA.
MAMA? What do you mean?
Azuma, what did you just say?
I said
I'll take them to MAMA this time.
You mean that promise
you failed to fulfill?
Let's do this, Azuma.
You lied to me again.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
They'll be making their
important debut in Japan soon.
I'm surprised that they're competing
on the same level
as that group of leftovers.
Is this a nightmare?
Incompetent people
like you don't deserve a future.
Get out.
Work until you drop.
Get out!
THIS DRAMA IS FICTIONAL
It gave me a really bad burn.
One million yen in medical expenses.
If people find out,
it'll cause a stir.
We've been working so hard.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I found a good story about NAZE.
I think he should leave the industry.
Will we really be able to debut?
I'm under pressure, too!